Svetionik	The lighthouse grants additional mobility to any ships you control.	
Grifonski bedem	The Griffin Bastion increases Griffin production by 3 per week.	
Grifonski bedem	The Griffin Bastion increases Royal Griffin production by 3 per week.	
Brodogradilište	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Štale	The Stables increase the land movement rate of any visiting hero.	
Viteški red maèa	"During a siege, the Brotherhood of the Sword increases troop morale by +2."	
		
		
		
Kolos	"The presence of the Colossus increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the morale of all allied heroes by +2."	
Skladište dobara	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Vilin-bara	The Mystic Pond produces a small random number of resources each week.	
Rudarski esnaf	The Miners' Guild increases Dwarf production by 4 per week.	
Rudarski esnaf	The Miners' Guild increases Battle Dwarf production by 4 per week.	
		
Bunar želja	The Fountain of Fortune increases the luck of the garrison hero by +2 when defending against a siege.	
Trezor	The Treasury earns you 10% interest on any gold you have at the start of each week.	
		
Lesni gaj	The Dendroid Saplings increase Dendroid Guard production by 2 per week.	
Lesni gaj	The Dendroid Saplings increase Dendroid Soldier production by 2 per week.	
Totem zaštitnik	"The presence of the Spirit Guardian increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the luck of all allied heroes by +2."	
Skladište dobara	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 crystal each day.	
Trgovci artefaktima	"For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants."	
Vajareve odaje	The Sculptor's Wings increase Stone Gargoyle production by 4 per week.	
Vajareve odaje	The Sculptor's Wings increase Obsidian Gargoyle production by 4 per week.	
		
Osmatraènica	The lookout tower extends the visible distance around your city.	
Biblioteka	The library provides your mage guild with additional spells.	
Zid znanja	The Wall of Knowledge increases the Knowledge skill of any visiting hero by +1.	
		
		
Vazduhoplov	"The presence of the Skyship increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, reveals the entire world map, and increases the knowledge of any defending hero by +15 (these spell points do not follow a hero who leaves the town)."	
Skladište dobara	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 gems each day.	
		
Greholivnica	The Birthing Pools increase Imp production by 8 per week.	
Greholivnica	The Birthing Pools increase Familiar production by 8 per week.	
		
Sumporni oblaci	The Brimstone Stormclouds boost a garrison hero's power by +2 during any siege defense.	
Vratnice pakla	Allows travel between Inferno towns containing Castle Gates. Destination town must be unoccupied.	
Ognjeni red	The Order of Fire increases the Power skill of any visiting hero by +1.	
Kavezi	The Cages increase Hell Hound production by 3 per week.	
Kavezi	The Cages increase Cerberus production by 3 per week.	
Ognjenik	The presence of the Deity of Fire increases weekly creature generation by 50% and provides your empire with an additional 5000 gold each day.  Every week hereafter will be a Week of the Imp.	
Skladište dobara	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 mercury each day.	
Veo tame	The Cover of Darkness covers your city with a permanent shroud to all other players.	
Raskopani grobovi	The Unearthed Graves increase Skeleton production by 6 per week.	
Raskopani grobovi	The Unearthed Graves increase Skeleton Warrior production by 6 per week.	
Brodogradilište	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Svetionik pokojnika	The Necromancy Amplifier increases the Necromancy skill of all heroes you control (with the Necromancy skill) by 10%.	
Kosturnica	The Skeleton Transformer allows you to convert any creature into a skeleton.	
		
		
		
Kazamat duša	"The presence of the Soul Prison increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your empire with an additional 5000 gold each day, and boosts the Necromancy skill of all allied heroes (who possess the skill) by 20%."	
Skladište dobara	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Trgovci artefaktima	"For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants."	
Gljivarnik	The Mushroom Rings increase Troglodyte production by 7 per week.	
Gljivarnik	The Mushroom Rings increase Infernal Troglodyte production by 7 per week.	
		
Magijski vir	The Mana Vortex temporarily doubles spell points for any garrison or visiting hero.	
Portal prizivanja	"With the Portal of Summoning, you can recruit creatures from an externally flagged dwelling."	
Bojna akademija	The Academy of Battle Scholars teaches new skills to any hero (+1000 experience) once.	
		
		
Zaštitnik zemlje	"The presence of the Guardian of Earth increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your empire with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the Power of a garrison hero by +12 when defending against a siege."	
Skladište dobara	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 sulfur each day.	
Tunel za bekstvo	The Escape Tunnel allows a garrison hero to flee from defending against a siege.	
Menza	The Mess Hall increases Goblin production by 8 per week.	
Menza	The Mess Hall increases Hobgoblin production by 8 per week.	
		
Najamnièki esnaf	The Freelancer's Guild allows you to trade creatures for resources.	
Radionica balista	This Blacksmith upgrade provides your armies with ballistas.	
Dvorana Valhale	The Hall of Valhalla increases the Attack skill of any visiting hero by +1.	
		
		
Spomenik junaku	"The presence of the Warlords' Monument increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the Attack strength of a garrison hero by +20 when defending against a siege."	
Skladište dobara	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Kavez za borbe	The Cage of Warlords increases the Defense strength of any visiting hero by +1.	
Kapetanove odaje	The Captain's Quarters increase Gnoll production by 6 per week.	
Kapetanove odaje	The Captain's Quarters increase Gnoll Marauder production by 6 per week.	
Brodogradilište	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Urokljivi bedem	The Glyphs of Fear add +2 to a garrison hero's defense skill when defending against a siege.	
Krvavi obelisk	The presence of a Blood Obelisk adds +2 to a garrison hero's attack skill when defending against a siege.	
		
		
		
Biljka mesožderka	"The presence of the Carnivorous Plant increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and increases the Attack and Defense strength of a garrison hero by +10 each when defending against a siege."	
Skladište dobara	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional +1 wood and +1 ore each day.	
Trgovci artefaktima	"For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants."	
Vrt života	This structure increases weekly production of Pixies by 10 per week.	
Vrt života	This structure increases weekly production of Sprites 10 per week.	
Brodogradilište	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
Magijski institut	"At the Magic University, you can pay to learn any, or all, of the four schools of magic."	
		
		
		
		
Aurora Borealias	"The presence of the Aurora Borealias increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and places all spells in your mage guild."	
Skladište dobara	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional 1 Mercury each day.	
Trgovci artefaktima	"For a nominal fee, you can purchase artifacts from the Artifact Merchants."	
Level 1 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 1 Creatures.	
Level 2 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 2 Creatures.	
Brodogradilište	The Shipyard allows you to purchase ships.	
		
		
Level 3 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 3 Creatures.	
Level 4 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 4 Creatures.	
Level 5 Creature Horde	This structure increases weekly production of Level 5 Creatures.	
Gral	"The presence of the Grail increases weekly creature generation by 50%, provides your kingdom with an additional 5000 gold each day, and provides an additional bonus unique to each town type."	
Skladište dobara	The Resource Silo provides you with an additional resource ore each day.	
