Stražarnica	The Guardhouse allows you to recruit Pikemen.
Strelište	The Archers' Tower allows you to recruit Archers.
Gnezdilište	The Griffin Tower allows you to recruit Griffins.
Kasarna	The Barracks allow you to recruit Swordsmen.
Manastir	The Monastery allows you to recruit Monks.
Jahalište	The Training Grounds allow you to recruit Cavaliers.
Sveta kapija	The Portal of Glory allows you to recruit Angels.
Nap. Stražarnica	The Guardhouse allows you to recruit Halberdiers.
Nap. Strelište	The Archers' Tower allows you to recruit Marksmen.
Nap. Gnezdilište	The Griffin Tower allows you to recruit Royal Griffins.
Nap. Kasarna	The Barracks allow you to recruit Crusaders.
Nap. Manastir	The Monastery allows you to recruit Zealots.
Nap. Jahalište	The Training Grounds allow you to recruit Champions.
Presveta kapija	The Portal of Glory allows you to recruit Arch Angels.
Konjušnica	The Centaur Stables allow you to recruit Centaurs.
Zemunica	The Dwarf Cottage allows you to recruit Dwarves.
Ognjište	The Homestead allows you to recruit Wood Elves.
Zaèarani izvor	The Enchanted Spring allows you to recruit Pegasi.
Šumski svod	The Dendroid Arches allow you to recruit Dendroid Guards.
Rajski proplanak	The Unicorn Glade allows you to recruit Unicorns.
Zmajev obron	The Dragon Cliffs allow you to recruit Green Dragons.
Nap. Konjušnica	The Centaur Stables allow you to recruit Centaur Captains.
Nap. Zemunica	The Dwarf Cottage allows you to recruit Battle Dwarves.
Nap. Ognjište	The Homestead allows you to recruit Grand Elves.
Nap. Zaèarani izvor	The Enchanted Spring allows you to recruit Silver Pegasi.
Nap. Šumski svod	The Dendroid Arches allow you to recruit Dendroid Soldiers.
Nap. Rajski proplanak	The Unicorn Glade allows you to recruit War Unicorns.
Nap. Zmajev obron	The Dragon Cliffs allow you to recruit Gold Dragons.
Radionica	The Workshop allows you to recruit Gremlins.
Parapet	The Parapet allows you to recruit Stone Gargoyles.
Tvornica ljudi	The Golem Factory allows you to recruit Stone Golems.
Toranj vradžbina	The Mage Tower allows you to recruit Magi.
Oltar želja	The Altar of Wishes allows you to recruit Genies.
Zlatni paviljon	The Golden Pavilion allows you to recruit Nagas.
Nebeski hram	The Cloud Temple allows you to recruit Giants.
Nap. Radionica	The Workshop allows you to recruit Master Gremlins.
Nap. Parapet	The Parapet allows you to recruit Obsidian Gargoyles.
Nap. Tvornica ljudi	The Golem Factory allows you to recruit Iron Golems.
Nap. Toranj vradžbina	The Mage Tower allows you to recruit Arch Magi.
Nap. Oltar želja	The Altar of Wishes allows you to recruit Master Genies.
Nap. Zlatni paviljon	The Golden Pavilion allows you to recruit Naga Queens.
Nap. Nebeski hram	The Cloud Temple allows you to recruit Titans.
Vražja kupela	The Imp Crucible allows you to recruit Imps.
Dvorana greha	The Hall of Sins allows you to recruit Gogs.
Psetarnik	The Kennels allow you to recruit Hell Hounds.
Demonska kapija	The Demon Gate allows you to recruit Demons.
Jama bede	The Hell Hole allows you to recruit Pit Fiends.
Vatreno jezero	The Fire Lake allows you to recruit Efreet.
Palata Izgnanika	The Forsaken Palace allows you to recruit Devils.
Nap. Vražja kupela	The Imp Crucible allows you to recruit Familiars.
Nap. Dvorana greha	The Hall of Sins allows you to recruit Magogs.
Nap. Psetarnik	The Kennels allow you to recruit Cerberi.
Nap. Demonska kapija	The Demon Gate allows you to recruit Horned Demons.
Nap. Jama bede	The Hell Hole allows you to recruit Pit Lords.
Nap. Vatreno jezero	The Fire Lake allows you to recruit Efreet Sultans.
Nap. Palata Izgnanika	The Forsaken Palace allows you to recruit Arch Devils.
Pogani hram	The Cursed Temple allows you to recruit Skeletons.
Groblje	The Graveyard allows you to recruit Walking Dead.
Grobnica duša	The Tomb of Souls allows you to recruit Wights.
Ukleta avlija	The Estate allows you to recruit Vampires.
Mauzolej	The Mausoleum allows you to recruit Liches.
Dvorana tame	The Hall of Darkness allows you to recruit Black Knights.
Zmajeva kosturnica	The Dragon Vault allows you to recruit Bone Dragons.
Nap. Pogani hram	The Cursed Temple allows you to recruit Skeleton Warriors.
Nap. Groblje	The Graveyard allows you to recruit Zombies.
Nap. Grobnica duša	The Tomb of Souls allows you to recruit Wraiths.
Nap. Ukleta avlija	The Estate allows you to recruit Vampire Lords.
Nap. Mauzolej	The Mausoleum allows you to recruit Power Liches.
Nap. Dvorana tame	The Hall of Darkness allows you to recruit Dread Knights.
Nap. Zmajeva kosturnica	The Dragon Vault allows you to recruit Ghost Dragons.
Lavorište	The Warren allows you to recruit Troglodytes.
Leglo harpija	The Harpy Loft allows you to recruit Harpies.
Sveoèilište	The Pillar of Eyes allows you to recruit Beholders.
Kapela utihnutih glasova	The Chapel of Stilled Voices allows you to recruit Medusas.
Lavirint	The Labyrinth allows you to recruit Minotaurs.
Mantikorin brlog	The Manticore Lair allows you to recruit Manticores.
Zmajeva peæina	The Dragon Cave allows you to recruit Red Dragons.
Nap. Lavorište	The Warren allows you to recruit Infernal Troglodytes.
Nap. Leglo harpija	The Harpy Loft allows you to recruit Harpy Hags.
Nap. Sveoèilište	The Pillar of Eyes allows you to recruit Evil Eyes.
Nap. Kapela utihnutih glasova	The Chapel of Stilled Voices allows you to recruit Medusa Queens.
Nap. Lavirint	The Labyrinth allows you to recruit Minotaur Kings.
Nap. Mantikorin brlog	The Manticore Lair allows you to recruit Scorpicores.
Nap. Zmajeva peæina	The Dragon Cave allows you to recruit Black Dragons.
Goblinji tabor	The Goblin Barracks allow you to recruit Goblins.
Leglo vukova	The Wolf Pen allows you to recruit Wolf Riders.
Orkovski toranj	The Orc Tower allows you to recruit Orcs.
Utvrda gorostasa	The Ogre Fort allows you to recruit Ogres.
Ptièja hrid	The Cliff Nest allows you to recruit Rocs.
Kiklopska jazbina	The Cyclops Cave allows you to recruit Cyclopses.
Sablasna peæina	The Behemoth Lair allows you to recruit Behemoths.
Nap. Goblinji tabor	The Goblin Barracks allow you to recruit Hobgoblins.
Nap. Leglo vukova	The Wolf Pen allows you to recruit Wolf Raiders.
Nap. Orkovski toranj	The Orc Tower allows you to recruit Orc Chieftains.
Nap. Utvrda gorostasa	The Ogre Fort allows you to recruit Ogre Magi.
Nap. Ptièja hrid	The Cliff Nest allows you to recruit Thunderbirds.
Nap. Kiklopska jazbina	The Cyclops Cave allows you to recruit Cyclops Kings.
Nap. Sablasna peæina	The Behemoth Lair allows you to recruit Ancient Behemoths.
Gnolograd	The Gnoll Hut allows you to recruit Gnolls.
Jazbina zmijolikih	The Lizard Den allows you to recruit Lizardmen.
Zmijsko leglo	The Serpent Fly Hive allows you to recruit Serpent Flies.
Jama baziliska	The Basilisk Pit allows you to recruit Basilisks.
Brlog Vodenog bika	The Gorgon Lair allows you to recruit Gorgons.
Alinjak	The Wyvern Nest allows you to recruit Wyverns.
Aždajin rit	The Hydra Pond allows you to recruit Hydras.
Nap. Gnolograd	The Gnoll Hut allows you to recruit Gnoll Marauders.
Nap. Jazbina zmijolikih	The Lizard Den allows you to recruit Lizard Warriors.
Nap. Zmijsko leglo	The Serpent Fly Hive allows you to recruit Dragon Flies.
Nap. Jama baziliska	The Basilisk Pit allows you to recruit Greater Basilisks.
Nap. Brlog Vodenog bika	The Gorgon Lair allows you to recruit Mighty Gorgons.
Nap. Alinjak	The Wyvern Nest allows you to recruit Wyvern Monarchs.
Nap. Aždajin rit	The Hydra Pond allows you to recruit Chaos Hydras.
Èarobni fenjer	The Magic Lantern allows you to recruit Pixies.
Vazdušni oltar	The Altar of Air allows you to recruit Air Elementals.
Vodeni oltar	The Altar of Water allows you to recruit Water Elementals.
Vatreni oltar	The Altar of Fire allows you to recruit Fire Elementals.
Zemljani oltar	The Altar of Earth allows you to recruit Earth Elementals.
Duhovni oltar	The Altar of Thought allows you to recruit Psychic Elementals.
Usijana lomaèa	The Pyre allows you to recruit Fire Birds.
Nap. Èarobni fenjer	The Magic Pool allows you to recruit Sprites.
Nap. Vazdušni oltar	The Temple of Thunder allows you to recruit Storm Elementals.
Nap. Vodeni oltar	The Temple of Ice allows you to recruit Ice Elementals.
Nap. Vatreni oltar	The Temple of Energy allows you to recruit Energy Elementals.
Nap. Zemljani oltar	The Temple of Magma allows you to recruit Magma Elementals.
Nap. Duhovni oltar	The Temple of Magic allows you to recruit Magic Elementals.
Nap. Usijana lomaèa	The Funeral Pyre allows you to recruit Pheonixes .
Level 1 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 1 Creatures.
Level 2 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 2 Creatures.
Level 3 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 3 Creatures.
Level 4 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 4 Creatures.
Level 5 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 5 Creatures.
Level 6 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 6 Creatures.
Level 7 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Level 7 Creatures.
Upg. Level 1 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 1 Creatures.
Upg. Level 2 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 2 Creatures.
Upg. Level 3 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 3 Creatures.
Upg. Level 4 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 4 Creatures.
Upg. Level 5 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 5 Creatures.
Upg. Level 6 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 6 Creatures.
Upg. Level 7 Creature Generator	Allows you to recruit Upgraded Level 7 Creatures.
